Mtxs deployment hint (#2102)
capire/docs: guides/multitenancy/index.md

:::

:::tip

> To avoid potential race conditions during the initial creation of the MTXS Metadata Container `t0`, it is recommended to do the
> initials deployment with only one instance of the MTXS Sidecar.<br>
> As alternative, you can run command `cds-mtx upgrade t0` before, e. g. as [cf hook](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/module-hooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent potential conflicts during the initial creation of the MTXS Metadata Container `t0`, it is recommended to perform the 
initial deployment with only one instance of the MTXS Sidecar.<br>
As an alternative, you can run the command `cds-mtx upgrade t0` beforehand, such as in a [cf hook](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/module-hooks).
```
